The original reason for this script was to support the Tank Gunnery Range Mod and helps with switching to different tanks.
You can also use this to swap user tanks in other Mods by drag-and-dropping files with .engscr extensions found in the mod script folders (located in Steel Fury - Kharkov 1942\data\k42\loc_rus\levels\LEVELS\SCRIPTS).

The Gunnery Range mod and installation instructions can be found at the Graviteam Forum: http://graviteam.com/forum/index.php?topic=529.0

The files are packaged into a JSGME installation format to make this easy to install. If you wish to install manually, dig into the subfolders to find the files mentioned below.


There are only two files:

tankid.csv - holds the game tank names and id codes I found in the forums (incomplete as I am very new into tank sims and no way familiar with the playable tanks and community addons for Steel Fury)

0_tankid_change.bat - windows batch file to switch user tank

Both files have to be located at the base directory of Steel Fury to work with the default path coded to the Tank Gunnery Range Mod. Double-click the .bat file and follow prompts to select country and tank series and then the tank model.

If you use this for other missions, this will work as long as both files are in the same directory. Just drop the file with extension .engscr in the mission's directory onto the .bat file. These are usually under the path "Steel Fury - Kharkov 1942\data\k42\loc_rus\levels\LEVELS\SCRIPTS\" but will vary as stock and later STA versions are pre-compiled and not accessible.

Only single tank units are swapped in. Multiple tank units and infantry platoons are not included in the database at this time.

Not all units are available under different STA versions. If not, Steel Fury will crash to Desktop on loading the mission after changing to the new unit. Just switch to another tank unit before restarting mission.

Starting in STA 3.1, most missions scripts appeared pre-compiled and no longer in the SCRIPTS folder for this batch file to change units.

If you encounter problems with write permission, make sure your Steel Fury installation directories are writable or install Steel Fury outside the C:\Program Files(x86) directory.

This will work even if Steel Fury is running but you have to restart the mission.